---
title: Health & Safety

description: An overview of the default frontmatter fields Starlight supports.
sidebar:
order： 3
---
* Keep the product dry, Using it in a dusty, humid or hiah-salt (such as seaside) place may result in circuit failure
* Using the product in thunderstorms may result in product failure or electric shocks.
* Please use the product below 200m and at 0℃ to 40℃.lfthe ambient temperature is too high or too low, the product will shut down automatically, have a short life and have other faults.&#x20;
* If the product needs to be charged, do charge with the original charging cable
* Do not exposethe product under high temperature or close to any heat-generating eoquipment such as strong sunlight heater,micowave oven,baking oven or heter,otherwise it may have damage such as batten bulge,electrolvte leakage or even battery burst.
* Do not disasemble the product,insert any foreign matterintoitorhaveitimmersed in water or anyother liquid, otherwise itmay catch fredueto short drcuit.electrovteleakage or overheatna
* The product may catch fire and explode if thrown into fire
* The product may be damaged or even explode if bitten by pets
* Do not dispose of the product as domestic waste, but according to the local regulations, to avoid explosion. Please dispose of the product and its accessories according to the local regulations and recycle them.
* If the product uses an unauthorized or incompatible power adapter, power source or battery, it may catch fire and explode or have other dangers
* The product and its accessories probably contain small parts. Please keep them out of the reach of children, otherwise children may damage the product and its accessories unintentionally, suffer asphyxia after swallowing the small parts or have other dangers
* The product has a non-detachable built-in battery. Battery replacement by yourself may result in damage of the battery and/or the product
* In a place where wireless devices are explicitly forbidden. do not use the product. Otherwise it may interfere with other electronic devices or cause other dangers
* In a medical place or a health care place where wireless devices are explicitly forbidden, abide by its requlations and do not use the product
* The radio waves generated by the product may affect normal use of implantable medical devices or personal medical device or personal medical devices, such as pacemakers, cochlear implants, and hearing aids. When in use, keep the product at least 15cm from any implantable medical device.
