---
title: Internationalization (i18n)
---

Starlight provides built-in support for multilingual sites, including routing, fallback content, and full right-to-left (RTL) language support.

## Configure i18n

1. Tell Starlight about the languages you support by passing `locales` and `defaultLocale` to the Starlight integration:

   ```js
   // astro.config.mjs
   import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
   import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight';

   export default defineConfig({
     integrations: [
       starlight({
         // Set English as the default language for this site.
         defaultLocale: 'en',
         locales: {
           // English docs in `src/content/docs/en/`
           en: {
             label: 'English',
           },
           // Simplified Chinese docs in `src/content/docs/zh/`
           zh: {
             label: '简体中文',
             lang: 'zh-CN',
           },
           // Arabic docs in `src/content/docs/ar/`
           ar: {
             label: 'العربية',
             dir: 'rtl',
           },
         },
       }),
     ],
   });
   ```

   Your `defaultLocale` will be used for fallback content and UI labels, so choose the language you are most likely to start writing content in, or already have content for.

2. Create a directory for each language in `src/content/docs/`.
   For example, assuming the configuration shown in step 1, this might look like:

   - src/
     - content/
       - docs/
         - ar/
         - en/
         - zh/

3. You can now create content files in your language directories. Use the same file name to tie pages together across languages. For example, `ar/index.md` and `en/index.md` would represent the homepage for Arabic and English respectively.

### Use a root locale

You can use a “root” locale to serve a language without any i18n prefix in its path. For example, if English is your root locale, an English page path might look like `/about` instead of `/en/about`.

To set a root locale, use the `root` key in your `locales` config:

```js
// astro.config.mjs
import { defineConfig } from 'astro/config';
import starlight from '@astrojs/starlight';

export default defineConfig({
  integrations: [
    starlight({
      locales: {
        root: {
          label: 'English',
          lang: 'en', // lang is required for root locales
        },
        zh: {
          label: '简体中文',
          lang: 'zh-CN',
        },
      },
    }),
  ],
});
```

When using a `root` locale, place pages for that language directly in `src/content/docs/` instead of in a dedicated language folder. For example, here are the home page files for English and Chinese when using the config above:

- src/
  - content/
    - docs/
      - index.md
      - zh/
        - index.md

## Fallback content

Starlight expects you to create equivalent pages in all your languages. For example, if you have an `en/about.md` file, you should create an `about.md` for each other language you support.

If a translation is not yet available for a language, Starlight will show readers the content for that page in the default language (set via `defaultLocale`). For example, if you have not yet created a French version of an about page and your default language is English, visitors to `/fr/about` will see the English content. This helps you add content in your default language and then progressively translate it when your translators have time.
